---
filename: "HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_033189.txt"
sender: "[[Dr. Bruce L. Dennis]]"
receiver: "[[]]"
date: "2016-11-09 10:14:00"
---

> 
Dear Packer Families, 
Like many of you, [[I]] am writing this message on very little sleep. Last night was like no other in our 
political memory, defying the predictions of the most erudite pundits and political 
prognosticators. 
Today, we are spending a great deal of time unpacking the election results with our students 
across the three divisions — during morning meeting and throughout the day in Lower School 
classrooms, in Middle School advisories, during Upper School Community time, as well as in 
many individual classroom conversations. [[I]] write [[To]] assure you that we will do our best [[To]] handle 
these discussions with balance, sensitivity, and fairness. 
Given that last week's mock election among Packer's Upper School students showed that over 
8o% favored Secretary Clinton, [[I]] don't think it's a huge leap [[To]] assume that there was more 
disappointment than joy in Packer households as results unfolded last night. At the same time, 
there are certainly Packer families who support Mr. Trump and are pleased with this outcome. As 
a school community, we have an obligation [[To]] recognize that there will be a broad array of feelings 
generated by the election results, and it is our responsibility as a school [[To]] make space for these 
feelings [[To]] be expressed thoughtfully and compassionately, as well as [[To]] model the tolerance and 
acceptance of difference that are among our core values. No doubt, we have our work cut out for 
us, but [[I]] am confident in the good that we can do as a community. 
HOUSE OVERSIGHT 033189 
There are abundant lessons [[To]] be learned [[From]] this election: that experts can be wrong; that our 
country is even more deeply divided than many of us had thought; and that abundant numbers of 
our fellow Americans feel a deep sense of despair and disaffection with the status quo of 
government. For us here at school, we will use this as an opportunity [[To]] talk with your children in 
age[[-]]appropriate ways about demographics, the economy, social policy, our democratic system, 
and the rule of law. We will also talk about the world's response [[To]] yesterday's election results, our 
individual responsibilities as citizens [[To]] continue [[To]] give voice [[To]] our beliefs, and appropriate 
channels of political activism. On a more basic level, we will stress the importance of not being a 
gloating winner or a sore loser, and about the strength of our nation, its history of responding [[To]] 
dramatic political change, and the hopefulness of the future. 
As for you, our families, [[I]] offer two resources. Last week at a NYSAIS heads[[-]]of[[-]]school conference 
that [[I]] attended, the University of Pennsylvania educator Ali [[Michael]] spoke about advancing our 
national dialogue about race. This morning Dr. [[Michael]] [[Wrote]] a Huffington Post piece, "What Do  
We Tell the Children?", a moving yet direct reminder of how we, as adults, can model our 
responses for the young people around us. Next Wednesday, November 16, [[From]] 6:3o [[To]] 8 
p.m., Semeka Smith[[-]]Williams and the PA Diversity Committee are holding a "Post-
Election Healing" evening here at Packer. 
Please reach out if you have questions, suggestions, or simply would like [[To]] share your thoughts, 
and take good care. 
Best regards. 
Bruce [[L]]. Dennis 
Head of School 
Unsubscribe [[From]] this eNotice. 
[[Landon]] Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times 
http://topics.nytimes.[[Com]]/top/reference/timestopics/people/t/[[Landon]] jr thomas/index.h  
tml 
HOUSE OVERSIGHT 033190