---
filename: "HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_032331.txt"
sender: "[[nysd ecf pool@nysd.uscourts.dov]]"
receiver: "[[courtmail@nysd.uscourts.gov]]"
date: "2016-11-04 17:59:00"
---

This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to 
this e-mail because the mail box is unattended. 
***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits 
attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of 
all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees 
apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first 
viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the free copy and 30 page limit do not 
apply. 
U.S. District Court 
Southern District of New York 
Notice of Electronic Filing 
The following transaction was entered by Meagher, Thomas on 11/4/2016 at 5:59 PM EDT and filed on 
11/4/2016 
Case Name: Doe v. Trump et al 
Case Number: 1:16-cv-07673-RA  
Filer: Jane Doe 
Document Number: 15 
Docket Text: 
NOTICE OF VOLUNTARY DISMISSAL Pursuant to Rule 41(a)(1)(A)(i) of the Federal Rules of 
Civil Procedure, the plaintiff(s) and or their counsel(s), hereby give notice that the above-
captioned action is voluntarily dismissed, against the defendant(s) All Defendants. Document 
filed by Jane Doe. (Meagher, Thomas) 
1:16-cv-07673-RA Notice has been electronically mailed to: 
Michael C. Miller 
Partner 
www.steptoe.com/mmiller 
HOUSE OVERSIGHT 032332 
Steptoe 
direct Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
fax 1114 Avenue of the Americas 
cell New York, NY 10036 
www.steptoe.com